Fix protein download (#167)
nf-core/metapep: docs/output.md

  - `microbiomes.tsv`: contains microbiome_id, microbiome_path, microbiome_type, weights_path and microbiome_bare_id for all unique microbiomes (combination of path, type and weights).
  - `entities.tsv`: contains entity_id and entity_name for all unique entities. An entity can be a contig (for input type assembly and bins) or a taxon (for input type taxa).
  - `microbiomes_entities.tsv`: matches entities and their weights to microbiomes. Contains microbiome_id, entity_id and entity_weight for all unique microbiome - entity combinations.
  - `proteins.tsv.gz`: contains protein_id (new unique id), protein_orig_id and protein_sequence for all unique proteins (that are validated based on the extended AA alphatbet).
  - `entities_proteins.tsv`: matches proteins to entities. Contains entity_id and protein_id for all unique entity - protein combinations.

>   - `peptides.tsv.gz`: contains peptide_id and peptide_sequence for all unique peptides. Peptides are generated for downloaded or predicted proteins. Because mhcflurry can just handle the basic AA alphabet (20AAs, no extended code), this file only contains peptides that match this restrictions. The generate_peptides.py filters out all peptides containing extended AA codes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `peptides.tsv.gz`: contains peptide_id and peptide_sequence for all unique peptides. Peptides are generated for downloaded or predicted proteins. Because mhcflurry can just handle the basic AA alphabet (20AAs, no extended code), this file only contains peptides that match this restrictions. The generate_peptides.py removes all peptides containing extended AA codes.
```

  - `microbiomes_entities.tsv`: matches entities and their weights to microbiomes. Contains microbiome_id, entity_id and entity_weight for all unique microbiome - entity combinations.
  - `proteins.tsv.gz`: contains protein_id (new unique id), protein_orig_id and protein_sequence for all unique proteins.
  - `entities_proteins.tsv`: matches proteins to entities. Contains entity_id and protein_id for all unique entity - protein combinations.

>   - `peptides.tsv.gz`: contains peptide_id and peptide_sequence for all unique peptides. Peptides are generated for downloaded or predicted proteins. Because mhcflurry can just handle the basic AA alphabet (20AAs, no extended code), this file only contains peptides that match this restrictions. The generate_peptides.py filters out all peptides with invalid letters, i.e. containing extended AA codes.

Author: ```suggestion
  - `peptides.tsv.gz`: contains peptide_id and peptide_sequence for all unique peptides. Peptides are generated for downloaded or predicted proteins. Because mhcflurry can just handle the basic AA alphabet (20AAs, no extended code), this file only contains peptides that match this restrictions. The generate_peptides.py filters out all peptides containing extended AA codes.
```

Author: maybe it would help to use the term "invalid" only for letters not part of any AA code, to differentiate here a bit

  - `taxa_assemblies.tsv`: matches taxon id to assembly id and can be used as input if only taxon_id was chosen for previously (merge with abundances as required).

- `logs/`

>   - `download_proteins.log`: Contains info about the Entrez download of proteins, chosen taxon_ids and specific assembly_ids. During the Entrez retrieval of assemblies, some assembly records may not contain nucleotide sequence links (i.e., missing or empty LinkSetDb/Link entries). These assemblies are skipped silently, and no fallback or alternative assembly for the same taxon is selected automatically. Users should check logs/download_proteins.log to verify whether assemblies were skipped due to missing information.

Reviewer: Hm you decided against a warning in case a taxa is entirely skipped? Probably fine.

Reviewer 2: Yes, there are multiple candidates for warnings on pipeline-level, so I decided to first make this PR as small as possible and do all the further improved logging and warning stuff in another PR
